{"en":"We often read in novels how a seemingly respectable person or family has some terrible secret which has been concealed from strangers for years. ^ ","ch":"在小说中， 我们经常读到一个表面上受人尊重的人物或家庭， 却有着某种多年不为人所知的骇人听闻的秘密。  "}
{"en":"The English language possesses a vivid saying to describe this sort of situation. ^ ","ch":"英语中有一个生动的说法来形容这种情况。  "}
{"en":"The terrible secret is called 'a skeleton in the cupboard'. ^ ","ch":"惊人的秘密称作“柜中骷髅”。  "}
{"en":"At some dramatic moment in the story,  the terrible secret becomes known and a reputation is ruined. ^ ","ch":"在小说的某个戏剧性时刻， 可怕的秘密泄漏出来， 接着便是某人的声誉扫地。  "}
{"en":"The reader's hair stands on end when he reads in the final pages of the novel that the heroine,  a dear old lady who had always been so kind to everybody,  had,  in her youth,  poisoned every one of her five husbands. ^ ","ch":"当读者读到小说最后几页了解到书中女主人公， 那位一向待大家很好的可爱的老妇人年轻时一连毒死了她的5个丈夫时， 不禁会毛骨悚然。  "}
{"en":"It is all very well for such things to occur in fiction. ^ ","ch":"这种事发生在小说中是无可非议的。  "}
{"en":"To varying degrees,  we all have secrets which we do not want even our closest friends to learn,  but few of us have skeletons in the cupboard. ^ ","ch":"尽管我们人人都有各种大小秘密。 连最亲密的朋友都不愿让他们知道， 但我们当中极少有人有柜中骷髅。  "}
{"en":"The only person I know who has a skeleton in the cupboard is George Carlton,  and he is very proud of the fact. ^ ","ch":"我所认识的唯一的在柜中藏骷嵝的人便是乔治. 卡尔顿， 他甚至引以为自豪。  "}
{"en":"George studied medicine in his youth.  Instead of becoming a doctor,  however,  he became a successful writer of detective stories. ^ ","ch":"乔治年轻时学过医， 然而， 他后来没当上医生， 却成了一位成功的侦探小说作家。  "}
{"en":"I once spent an uncomfortable weekend which I shall never forget at his house. ^ ","ch":"有一次， 我在他家里度周末， 过得很不愉快。 这事我永远不会忘记。  "}
{"en":"George showed me to the guestroom which,  he said,  was rarely used. ^ ","ch":"乔治把我领进客房， 说这间很少使用。  "}
{"en":"He told me to unpack my things and then come down to dinner. ^ ","ch":"他让我打开行装后下楼吃饭。  "}
{"en":"After I had stacked my shirts and underclothes in two empty drawers, ^ ","ch":"我将衬衫、内衣放进两个空抽屉里，  "}
{"en":"I decided to hang one of the two suits I had brought with me in the cupboard. ^ ","ch":"然后我想把随身带来的两套西服中的一套挂到大衣柜里去。  "}
{"en":"I opened the cupboard door and then stood in front of it petrified. ^ ","ch":"我打开柜门， 站在柜门前一下子惊呆了。  "}
{"en":"The sudden movement of the door made it sway slightly and it gave me the impression that it was about to leap out at me. ^ ","ch":"由于柜门突然打开， 它也随之轻微摇晃起来， 让我觉得它好像马上要跳出柜门朝我扑过来似的。  "}
{"en":"Dropping my suit,  I dashed downstairs to tell George. ^ ","ch":"我扔下西服冲下楼去告诉乔治。  "}
{"en":"This was worse than 'a terrible secret';  this was a real skeleton! ^ ","ch":"这是比“骇人听闻的秘密”更加惊人的东西， 这是一具真正的骷髅啊！  "}
{"en":"But George was unsympathetic.  'Oh,  that, ' he said with a smile as if he were talking about an old friend. ^ ","ch":"但乔治却无动于衷。 “噢， 是它呀！ 他笑着说道， 俨然在谈论一位老朋友。  "}
{"en":"'That's Sebastian.  You forget that I was a medical student once upon a time. '^ “","ch":"那是塞巴斯蒂安。 你忘了我以前是学医的了。 ” "}